Add random forest example for ml-tips workflow (#143)
treasure-data/workflow-examples: machine-learning/ml_tips/README.md

$ td wf start ml_tips titanic --session now
```

> - [titanic.dig](titanic.dig) - TD workflow script for linear regression and Random Forest

Author: Ah, didn't aware the default loss function is hinge loss. To be precise, i will modify as following:

```suggestion
TD workflow script for linear classifier with Hinge Loss and Random Forest classifier in parallel.
```

> - [titanic.dig](titanic.dig) - TD workflow script for linear regression and Random Forest

Author: fixed 997d035
